Today as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today and every day we honor cherish and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers Families Students Businesses and Leaders... 
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John they will say he is a true star. Also distinguished Military and a Combat Vet! 
It was my great honor to host today¡¯s Inaugural Meeting of the ¡°President¡¯s National Council for the American Worker¡± in the Roosevelt Room! Read more: 
Happy Constitution Day! 
Join me in Las Vegas Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: 
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not 
Thank you @nycemergencymgt! 
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn 
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU! 
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018 
Gina is Great! 
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence 
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you! 
Thank you @USCG! 
Tonight it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse! 
#HurricaneFlorence 
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence 
#NeverForget #September11th 
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE! 
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart 
#NeverForget #September11th 
Departing Washington D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget 
#NeverForget  #September11th 
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE! 
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly and we are here for you! 
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days... 
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable 
So nice thank you both! 
¡°Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise¡± 
Thank you Montana I love you! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA 
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA 
The Failing New York Times! 
Today it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse! 
Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here: 
Thank you General Mattis book is boring &amp; untrue! 
Thank you General Kelly book is total fiction! 
¡°Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations¡± 
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination' 
Statement from White House @PressSec Sarah Sanders: 
Statement from White House Chief of Staff General John Kelly: 
Statement from Secretary of Defense James Mattis: 
¡°Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court¡± 
¡°Pledge to America¡¯s Workers¡± 
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe! 
The U.S. is respected again! 
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart 
¡°President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers¡± 
Thank you Indiana I love you!
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA 
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ¡®Greatest President¡¯ for Black Americans 
#StopTheBias 
¡°Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000¡± 
VOTE FOR RON! 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today! 
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement: 
...And it will get as I have always said much better from even here! 
Happy birthday Vince you are truly one of the greats! 
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. 
Thank you. I love you Ohio! 
...And according to Polls would do even better today! 
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! 
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse! 
Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe! 
Thank you West Virginia. I love you! 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: 
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! 
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! 
Chuck Schumer I agree! 
¡°Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine¡± 
¡°Trump¡¯s foreign policy is actually boosting America¡¯s standing¡± 
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! 
Great to be in Fort Drum New York with our HEROES! 
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! 
Today on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay 
Thank you Ohio. I love you! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG! 
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on ¡°Collusion¡± with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? 
Great photo from Ocean City Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
¡°Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event¡± 
Congratulations Marsha! 
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! 
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets: 
Working hard thank you! 
¡°Private payrolls boom in July increasing by 219000 vs 185000 estimate: ADP¡± 
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: 
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers 
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you Florida. I love you!
On my way to Tampa Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! 
¡°Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008¡± 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Robert Wilkie! 
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! 
???????? 
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: 
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? 
Join me in Tampa Florida next Tuesday July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: 
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
The @USNavy¡¯s first female Admiral Alene Duerk once said: ¡°It was a nice distinction to have and to be recognized as the first but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.¡± Alene did just that and America is forever grateful! 
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! 
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%! 
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! 
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! 
PROMISES KEPT! 
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City Illinois! 
This is great - on my way see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds! 
Obviously the European Union as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States as represented by yours truly love each other! 
Thank you very much working hard! 
The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship ? the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens... 
Today it was my great honor to be in Kansas City Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention 
I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes unknown soldiers Prisoners of War those Missing in Action and their families. #VFWConvention 
#VFWConvention @VFWHQ 
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia full Endorsement! 
#MadeInAmerica Showcase! 
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime ICE and Borders. We need Lou! 
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice! 
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole! 
So important. Should have been done years ago! 
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! 
¡°Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES¡± 
¡°Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.¡± 
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018 
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018 
Thank you Helsinki Finland! 
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki Finland: 
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! 
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. 
This is now changing - for the first time! 
???????? 
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! 
¡°Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June for instance the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6% its lowest level ever from 4.9% in May.¡± 
Thank you #NATO2018! 
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels Belgium:
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels Belgium... 
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS 
Tonight it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS 
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmy¡¯s technology! #CenturyOfService 
They just didn't get it but they do now! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
It was my great honor to join proud hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA 
Happy Birthday America! 
Tomorrow families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment far away from their families protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! 
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice for that warm introduction. Tonight it was my great honor to attend the ¡°Greenbrier Classic ? Salute to Service Dinner¡± in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! 
Just arrived in West Virginia! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands to the @WhiteHouse! 
Six months after our TAX CUTS more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses pay raises and retirement account contributions.#TaxCutsandJobsAct 
Before going any further today I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation and filled our hearts with grief... 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Today we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered there is no better place to build hire and grow than right here in the United States! 
Thank you North Dakota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!???????? 
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime strong on borders loves our Military and our Vets! #NDSen 
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS 
Today I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... 
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! 
A great First Lady! 
Today we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two ? First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...
Thank you South Carolina. Now let¡¯s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! 
¡°Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents¡± 
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt so bad for our country - a total sham!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA 
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas a friend and great man! 
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina including all of those involved in last nights car accident and their families. 
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. 
Our first duty and our highest loyalty is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure our citizens are safe and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. 
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! 
"The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...¡± @Varneyco 
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats.... 
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM! 
Thank you Duluth Minnesota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
So sorry people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! 
Don¡¯t worry the Republicans and your President will fix it! 
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias 
More records! #MAGA 
THANK YOU @HouseGOP! 
Earlier today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!???????? 
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many many decades... 
THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75 
Join me tomorrow in Duluth Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: 
Please clear up the Fake News! 
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week. 
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again WRONG! 
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for! 
Happy #FlagDay???? 
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery sacrifices and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you! 
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting ? the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea ? proves that real change is possible! 
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens! 
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth Minnesota on Wednesday June 20th at 6:30pm!Tickets?
Here is the video ¡°A Story of Opportunity¡± that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit??
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! 
.@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix Canada prior to departing for Singapore! 
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan! 
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We¡¯re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance... 
Today I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges of which there are many... 
It¡¯s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!???????? 
¡°$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates credit GOP tax cuts¡± 
¡°Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years¡± 
¡°Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years¡± 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today¡¯s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it¡¯s federally supported state managed and locally executed ? this is the successful model we will continue to build. 
We must always protect those who protect us. Today it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land! 
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6 1944 more than 70000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft jumped out of airplanes and stormed into hell... 
#500Days of American Greatness: 
Real @FoxNews is doing great Fake News CNN is dead! 
Very surprised that China would be doing this? 
Now this is a record that will never be broken! 
Today it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! 
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today talked about prison reform and sentencing. 
Moments ago it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! 
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... 
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. 
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families. They inspired their communities... 
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty... 
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay 
#MemorialDay???? 
WELCOME HOME JOSH! 
To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018 I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS you are WARRIORS you are FIGHTERS you are CHAMPIONS and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! 
On behalf of the American People CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! 
Today it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! 
Today it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony: 
Today it was my honor to sign #S2155 the "Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act.¡± Read more: 
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... 
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! 
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. 
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. 
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now lots of work to be done! 
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage New York. Keep up the great work! 
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... 
Today on Long Island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... 
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala 
For the first time since Roe v. Wade America has a Pro-Life President a Pro-Life Vice President a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! 
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!???????? 
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! 
Just met with UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres who is working hard to ¡°Make the United Nations Great Again.¡± When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job! 
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform 
We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students families teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School ? we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever... 
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! 
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People¡¯s Republic of China Liu He. 
Congratulations to our new CIA Director Gina Haspel! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! 
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year ? the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! 
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! 
#USEmbassyJerusalem 
Happy Mother¡¯s Day!!! 
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them ? not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! 
Today my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! 
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA????
On behalf of the American people WELCOME HOME! 
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing we know what will happen. In just a short time the world¡¯s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world¡¯s most dangerous weapons.... 
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: 
Thank you Cleveland Ohio! 
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you and God Bless America! 
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... 
#NationalDayOfPrayer 
Today it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: 
Congratulations @SecPompeo! 
Today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! 
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! 
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief¡¯s Trophy for the first time in 21 years to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!???????? 
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let¡¯s come together and BEAT last October¡¯s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit 
MAGA! 
Thank you Kanye very cool! 
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of God in every human soul. 
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner in their honor. 
¡°President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ¡®Unbreakable.¡¯ History Shows He¡¯s Right.¡± 
Americans stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong 
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the @WhiteHouse. ???????? 
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff¡¯s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! 
Today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. 
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida. Thank you! 
Join me in Washington Michigan on Saturday April 28 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: 
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth @Norad_Northcom @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! 
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. 
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished thank you! #Success???????? 
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! 
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. 
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! 
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! 
We are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! 
America¡¯s greatest treasure is our people ? and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts 
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country you provide for your family you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts 
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live: 
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay 
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
¡°Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform¡± 
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's ¡°Prescribed to Death¡± Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow April 12th to April 18th. More information: 
Today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide
Last night it was my great honor to host America¡¯s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America¡¯s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! 
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! 
The Democrats are not doing what¡¯s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! 
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two ? good luck! 
¡°BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force¡± 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA 
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses! 
¡°Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent¡± 
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King¡¯s legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: 
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! 
Today it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: 
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue 
¡°President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll.¡± Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer 
¡°President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2 2018 World Autism Awareness Day¡± 
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! 
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD and we will do it with American WORKERS American GRIT and American PRIDE! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together we are making the economy great again! 
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! 
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! 
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! 
Great news! #MAGA 
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called ¡°What Really Happened.¡± Enjoy! #MAGA 
¡°President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 2018 as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy¡± 
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! 
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! 
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA 
As a candidate I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect American workers and defend our national security.  Today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. 
Happy #StPatricksDay 
¡°U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High¡± 
¡°President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock??Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House¡± ???????? 
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! 
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible @USNavy. 
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA 
All across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
If we don¡¯t have a wall system we¡¯re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall 
¡°According to the Center for Immigration Studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...¡± 
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong 
Epic crowd in Moon Township Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join me LIVE in Moon Township Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
That¡¯s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It¡¯s about JOBS JOBS JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
¡°Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States¡±  Proclamation: 
¡°Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States¡± Proclamation: 
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA 
Happy #InternationalWomensDay¡°First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award¡± 
Great couple great book! 
We will see what happens! 
We are getting it done - jobs and security! 
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They¡¯ve gone CRAZY! 
Happy National Anthem Day! 
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! 
Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. 
Together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.Full Opioid Summit: 
¡°Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000¡± 
¡°Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004¡± 
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: 
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. 
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... 
Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham ? an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God¡¯s grace. 
Such a beautiful map thank you! 
¡°American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.¡± 
So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history! 
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!????????Press Conference: 
Our nation¡¯s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018 
We salute our great American flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 
Today it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe and we will deliver! 
On behalf of an entire Nation CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics 
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session: 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. 
Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes 
So true thank you! 
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses." 
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. 
¡°I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.¡±Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads 
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman! 
Our entire Nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland FL. To teachers law enforcement first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! 
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida: 
In times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. 
Today I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America¡¯s depleted infrastructure. 
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: 
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the @WestervillePD. 
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
As long as we open our eyes to God¡¯s grace - and open our hearts to God¡¯s love - then America will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast 
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares ¡°IN GOD WE TRUST.¡± And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are ¡°One Nation Under God.¡± #NationalPrayerBreakfast 
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! 
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! 
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement along with @NASA¡¯s commercial and international partners continues to show American ingenuity at its best! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America Ronald Reagan! 
Today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: 
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. 
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the border ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If D¡¯s oppose this deal they aren¡¯t serious about DACA-they just want open borders. 
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way DOWN and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Today it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov @CustomsBorder @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling Virginia. Fact sheet: 
¡°Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats¡¯ disgust¡± 
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS 2018 is off to great start!?Unemployment rate at 4.1%.?Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.?200000 new American jobs.?#MAGA???? 
Join me live for the #SOTU
Congratulations to America¡¯s new Secretary of @HHSGov Alex Azar! 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! 
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland! #WEF18 
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 
Today Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation¡¯s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. 
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos Switzerland! #WEF18 
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor¡¯s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! 
End the Democrats Obstruction! 
Today I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year¡¯s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives. 
¡°Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die accidents happen. I don¡¯t know how I would vote right now on a CR OK?¡±Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America¡¯s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
Departing Pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! 
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. 
During the campaign I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! 
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! 
Today we witnessed an incredible moment in history ? the presentation of Congress¡¯ highest civilian honor to our friend and true AMERICAN HERO Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal 
....we need to keep America safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is merit-based. 
Today it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! 
¡°President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16 2018 as Religious Freedom Day¡± 
Today it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 2018 as Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. 
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to U.S. employees! 
Yesterday I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! 
Great news as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT! 
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama helping to further grow our economy! 
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: 
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers on behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American¡¯s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident @realDonaldTrump 
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn¡¯t agree w/you more. TOGETHER we are #MAGA???? 
Today it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! 
What a year it¡¯s been and we're just getting started. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! 
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! 
¡°Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books¡± 
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! 
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change and other than the vast military power of the United States that Iran¡¯s people are what their leaders fear the most.... 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I've been saying it for a long long time. #NoKo 
¡°Arrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump¡± 
¡°On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military est the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles..¡± @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer 
¡°On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles...¡± via @jamiejmcintyre 
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! 
Today it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: 
So true! 
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... 
With the strategy that I announced today we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: 
Thank you Maria B! 
So true Ivanka! 
As the world watches we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! 
When the American People speak ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear. On November 8 2016 you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Over the past 11 months I have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... 
More than a century after conquering flight the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: 
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now. 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now we are just days away... 
WEEKLY ADDRESS???? 
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more JOBS! 
Great job Kevin we are all proud of you! 
DOW S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA 
Today it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! 
You are always there for us ? THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM 
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico CONGRATULATIONS! 
It was my honor. THANK YOU! 
¡°Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey¡± 
In 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
When Americans are free to thrive innovate &amp; prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp; no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard dream big &amp; who never ever give up... 
Today we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless American factories &amp; devastated entire industries. 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working Americans. If you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning ? the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! 
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. 
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans ? not for criminal aliens! 
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! 
Have a great game today @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA???? 
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice &amp; peace. 
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! 
This is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola Florida! 
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA 
On my way to Pensacola Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
¡°The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6% the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7% the lowest ever recorded...¡±@SecretaryAcosta @USDOL 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn¡¯t! 
Tonight @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse ? and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah
Across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by America¡¯s friends and foes alike:¡°REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.¡± 
Today as we Remember Pearl Harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. 
Today the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. 
Today our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR?and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay???? 
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... 
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California¡¯s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! 
Join me this Friday in Pensacola Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: 
Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah¡¯s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! 
Great job First Lady Melania! 
62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in Montgomery Alabama uttered one word that changed history... 
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! 
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:¡°The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...¡± 
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He¡¯s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
The Christmas Story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all?the gift of God¡¯s love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... 
Today is a day that I¡¯ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now as President of the United States it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! 
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!#DOW24K #MAGA 
Today it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Prince¡¯s visit he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of F-16¡¯s... 
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let¡¯s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
¡°Had the information (Crooked Hillary¡¯s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General 
Now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY ? and RECLAIM AMERICA¡¯S DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS ? and bring Main Street roaring back to life!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS to protect OUR COMMUNITIES and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! 
This week the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together we will give the American people a big beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! 
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.Stock market at a new high unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! 
Great and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 
.@foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! 
Great work Ivanka! 
¡°The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5 notching its best reading since December 2000...¡± 
Dow S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! 
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense General James Mattis. 
¡°Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday¡± 
Thank you Rand! 
The good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! 
Wow even I didn¡¯t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. 
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to support your community and America¡¯s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall 
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country our Flag our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! 
Two great people! 
A great guy (with great ratings)! 
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florida today!#HappyThanksgiving 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! 
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. 
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! 
Today we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler¡¯s Rest... 
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. 
Today it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! #NCAAChampions??Photos: 
Together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel #MS13 and many other gangs...'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown'
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct ? a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! 
Thank you! 
Thank you working hard! 
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA???? 
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! 
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we¡¯re in the 30¡¯s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! 
Thank you! 
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. 
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! 
¡°Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War¡± ??
On this wonderful Veterans Day I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! 
On behalf of an entire nation Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!#USMC242 #SemperFi 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017 
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific and together to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017 
In more and more places throughout this region citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017 
Throughout my travels I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams can all prosper side-by-side. 
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. ???????? 
President Xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! ??
Congratulations to all of the ¡±DEPLORABLES¡± and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! 
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it! 
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I THANK YOU for an unforgettable?afternoon and evening?at the?Forbidden City in Beijing President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! 
Together we dream of a Korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! 
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. 
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... 
The U.S. under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built right now. I want peace through strength! 
Join me LIVE in South Korea????????#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia ??
Franklin such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father @BillyGraham! 
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. 
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. ???????? 
#USA???? #Japan???? 
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong... 
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. 
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! 
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama two wonderful people! 
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. 
I am landing shortly. Can¡¯t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! 
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!A day I¡¯ll never forget. 
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now. 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. 
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A. $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. 
Today we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ¡¯s from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... 
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA???? 
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. 
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros 2017 #WorldSeries Champions??#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory 
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! 
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! 
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! 
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. 
#NYCStrong #USA???? 
U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUp??7.8% past year. Down??31.5% last 10 years. #EndingWarOnCoal 
¡°Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August¡± Read more: 
"Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more: 
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!#Halloween2017 
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! 
¡°Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks¡± 
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! 
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! 
¡°WHAT HAPPENED¡±¡°How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia¡±??
#JFKFiles 
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!#FlashbackFriday 
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....??
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: ¡°More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP¡± 
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. 
Thank you @FLGovScott. 
WORKING TOGETHER we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. 
Effective today my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. 
Will be another Sean success! 
Together we will Make America Great Again!#AmericaFirst???? 
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform Read more: 
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! 
Texas @GovAbbott &amp; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrickThank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! 
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! 
Congrats to @Reince Priebus a really good and talented man. We¡¯re proud of you Reince! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
¡°President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24 2017 as United Nations Day¡± Read more: 
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. 
¡°Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign¡± 
People get what is going on! 
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: 
Today it was an honor to have @UNSecretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A. we appreciate all you do! 
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree! 
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform 
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!"ISIS is losing its grip..."Army Colonel Ryan DillonCJTF?OIR
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRico????with us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong 
.@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThorThank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA 
"20000??21000??22000?? 23000??this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..." #Dow23K #MAGA 
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA???? 
"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits.."Amb. @NikkiHaley 
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform 
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! 
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: 
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. ??
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! 
WOW! 
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! 
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! ??
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ??
"Dow Passes 23000 for the First Time Fueled by Strong Earnings"#Dow23K??
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! 
#WeeklyAddress???? 
Today I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime¡¯s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. 
"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"??
In America we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit 
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy!#242NavyBday 
Sadly they and others are Fake News and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform 
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!??
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA GROW in AMERICA and HIRE in AMERICA! 
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access INCREASE choices and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! ??
In even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. #USA???? 
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in America and HIRE in America???? 
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USA????
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!
We have just begun! 
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 2017 as #ColumbusDay" 
Nobody could have done what I¡¯ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! 
#LasVegasStrong #USA??????
Thanks for your support! 
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! 
Thank you! 
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. 
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! 
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong???? 
So proud of @FEMA Military and First Responders! Thank you! 
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders. 
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. 
Congratulations to #TeamUSA??????on your great @PresidentsCup victory! 
19000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem???? 
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 
@IMPDnews @POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM 
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress????
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur the holiest day of the Jewish year. 
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform 
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation¡¯s classrooms with the jobs of the future. 
Welcome back @SteveScalise!#TeamScalise 
It is time to take care of OUR people to rebuild OUR NATION and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA???? 
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER ? as one team one people &amp; one American family. #TaxReform 
Just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! ???????? 
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA???? 
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. 
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. ???????? 
America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! 
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA???? 
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! 
#USAatUNGA????#UNGA 
Thank you! 
Today I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. 
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! ????????#UNGA 
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA??
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA 
On behalf of all Americans I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. 
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. 
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. 
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!???????? 
The world is noticing thanks! 
Thank you Jacob! 
So nice thank you! 
The true question for the @UN...??
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.#USAatUNGA????#UNGA
As President of the United States of America I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst????#UNGAFull remarks: 
The????has great strength &amp; patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. 
#USAatUNGA???? #UNGA 
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! 
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA 
Such an honor to have my good friend Israel PM @Netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA 
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA 
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! 
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! 
My great honor! 
Thank you! 
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD STRONG and FREE! 
We will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: 
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation: 
Frank ¡°FX¡± Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! 
WEEKLY ADDRESS???? 
FLORIDA-Just like TX WE are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to RESTORE RECOVER &amp; REBUILD! 
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 1-800-342-3557
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today! 
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! 
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 
#NeverForget 
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott 
This is a storm of enormous destructive power and I ask everyone in the storm¡¯s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. 
FLORIDA- Visit 
A message to my fellow Americans????#IrmaHurricane2017??
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! 
During my trip to Saudi Arabia I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. 
Together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! 
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: 
Thank you our great honor! 
We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA to raise wages for AMERICAN workers &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA???? 
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY restore OPPORTUNITY &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. 
Thank you for joining me in Mandan ND Gov. @DougBurgum Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND @SenJohnHoeven @RepKevinCramer &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp. 
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: ??
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rossello of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! 
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'??
We are building our future with American hands American labor American iron aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! 
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy! 
Together we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA???? 
TEXAS: We are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover and REBUILD! 
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief @RedCross &amp; @SalvationArmyUS 
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3 2017 as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong 
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives ? they represent the very best of America! 
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover &amp; REBUILD! 
A great book by a great guy highly recommended! 
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! 
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. 
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov 
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. 
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke @FEMA_Brock @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly. 
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! 
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! 
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. ??
On Tuesday I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @ICEgov &amp; @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you! 
Donald E. Ballard on behalf of the people of the United States THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.??
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally 
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! 
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: 
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma Arizona &amp; around the United States! 
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America. 
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix Arizona! #MAGA????Tickets: 
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain and their families. 
Address to the NationFull Video &amp; Transcript:
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA???? 
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington Virginia. ??
Thank you the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. 
Today I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont??
Just returned to Bedminster NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security the Border and the Military! #MAGA???? 
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: 
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: 
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday August 22nd in Phoenix Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin. 
Just landed in Bedminster New Jersey. #MAGA ??
Congratulations John! 
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready willing and able. 
We must remember this truth: No matter our color creed religion or political party we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. 
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville 
Join me live from Bedminster New Jersey: 
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster New Jersey. ??
As promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! 
"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... 
"Trump approval rebounds to 45% surges among Hispanics union homes men" 
#GodBlessTheUSA???? 
On #PurpleHeartDay??I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA???? 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Nicole! 
"Under Trump gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst???? 
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! 
No matter the mission the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227???? 
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere using #VAVideoConnect - available at: 
Today I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA 
See you tonight Huntington West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????Tickets: 
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: 
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES our COUNTRY &amp; OUR FREEDOM! 
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here: 
In other words Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! 
We will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: 
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM 
We will always ENFORCE our laws PROTECT our borders and SUPPORT our police! #LESMHarrisburg Pennsylvania #FlashbackFriday #MS13 
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! 
Today we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria VA. 
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise 
Thank you Foxconn for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA???? 
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: 
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!??
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! 
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! 
Just arrived in Youngstown Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain??????
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!??
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! 
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life ? and LOVE &amp; CHERISH your country! 
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks: 
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @SecPriceMD..... 
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:??Keep the watch??????Protect her??????Defend her??????LOVE HER????Good Luck &amp; Godspeed! 
American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!#USSGeraldRFord #USA 
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it ? and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord 
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!??
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem????Remarks: 
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks: 
Manufacturers¡¯ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA it is the BEST! USA???? 
"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH??that is making America????FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS??RICHER." -Stuart @VarneyCo??
#MadeInAmerica??????
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning Merck &amp; Pfizer: 
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in America. #AmericaFirst???? 
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence Secretary James Mattis and our great teams. #MAGA???? 
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain Cindy and their entire family. Get well soon. 
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! 
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen???? I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress???? 
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! 
President @EmmanuelMacronThank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet 
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. ???????? 
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! 
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. 
Great bilateral meetings at Elysee Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. 
President @EmmanuelMacronThank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! 
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance members of the U.S. Military and their families. 
Just landed in Paris France with @FLOTUS Melania. 
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! ??
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA???? 
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA???? 
"After 14 years U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you @SenatorDole very kind! 
We will fight the #FakeNews with you! 
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA 
Thank you! ¡°Trump¡¯s Defining Speech¡± WSJ Editorial: 
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world. 
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you Poland!????????#ICYMI watch here?? 
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ??
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA???? 
#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA???? 
America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION the STRONG protecting the WEAK &amp; G¡¦ 
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!¡¦ 
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in¡¦ 
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic¡¦ 
Weekly Address???? #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement: 
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American¡¦ 
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely¡¦ 
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers b¡¦ 
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene¡¦ 
When it comes to the future of America¡¯s energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT.¡¦ 
Statement on House Passage of Kate¡¯s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. 
"Mattis Says Trump¡¯s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" 
Join me LIVE with @VP @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. #UnleashingAmericanEnergy
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives 
Today the House votes on two crucial bills:??#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ??#KatesLaw ??Pass these bills &amp; lets¡¦ 
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety¡¦ 
From my first day in office we¡¯ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks¡¦ 
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. 
Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more¡¦ 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ?? to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.¡¦ 
#ICYMI- on Monday I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:¡¦ 
WEEKLY ADDRESS???? 
Today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law delivering my campaign promise¡¦ 
.@FLOTUS &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBand:¡¦ 
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise 
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst???? 
As promised our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN¡¦ 
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.??¡¦ 
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: 
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: 
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.??????????¡¦ 
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ??¡¦ 
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th¡¦ 
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"Memorandum¡¦ 
"Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"Video: 
Great news! #MAGA 
#CongressionalBaseballGame?? 
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @GovWalker. Remarks¡¦ 
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo¡¦ 
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA???? 
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!Full ceremony: 
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team we can restore American prosperity and br¡¦ 
Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' 
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.¡¦ 
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek¡¦ 
Time to start building in our country with American workers &amp; with American iron aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to¡¦ 
It is time to rebuild OUR country to bring back OUR jobs to restore OUR dreams &amp; yes to put #AmericaFirst! TY O¡¦ 
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit.¡¦ 
An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America we don't worship government. We worship God.¡¦ 
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch??
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders including @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @JohnCornyn¡¦ 
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay¡¦ 
Today I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!??¡¦ 
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ??¡¦ 
#WeeklyAddress???? 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst??????¡¦ 
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.??
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguy?n Xuan Phuc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. 
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. See more at:¡¦ 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella.¡¦ 
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil??
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. #G7Summit #USA???? 
Thank you for your support. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA???? 
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO 
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon! 
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC¡¦ 
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. 
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for the invitation¡¦ 
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad???? 
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ??
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES¡¦ 
Great to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad 
#WeeklyAddress??????
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek"Proclamation??¡¦ 
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!????????Joint Press Conf??¡¦ 
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!¡¦ 
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdo?an to the @WhiteHouse today! 
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation: 
Today I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch¡¦ 
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day and you've earned it.¡¦ 
#WeeklyAddress??????
Today I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch¡¦ 
Today @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by say hel¡¦ 
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo¡¦ 
We finally agree on something Rosie. 
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'??¡¦ 
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'¡¦ 
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp 
'Manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today we honor and thank all teachers!¡¦ 
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.¡¦ 
#WeeklyAddress???? 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
An honor to welcome PM of Australia @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the¡¦ 
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.¡¦ 
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:¡¦ 
Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th¡¦ 
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the¡¦ 
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:¡¦ 
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1: 
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
Today I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:¡¦ 
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:¡¦ 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t¡¦ 
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro¡¦ 
Today I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:¡¦ 
Today I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act¡¦ 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS Melania! 
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:¡¦ 
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:¡¦ 
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! 
Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: 
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:¡¦ 
#CongratsPeggy! 
After 5 SB victories since 2002 it was my honor to give Bob Kraft Coach Belichick and the players their first to¡¦ 
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:¡¦ 
WELCOME HOME AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA???? 
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference¡¦ 
We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals. ??¡¦ 
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!¡¦ 
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 Watch¡¦ 
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican???? 
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican????Watch??
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
Weekly Address- 
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on¡¦ 
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.¡¦ 
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ¡¦ 
Thank you @USNavy! #USA 
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS @VP¡¦ 
JOBS JOBS JOBS!
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for¡¦ 
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! 
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017¡¦ 
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall??
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe¡¦ 
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th¡¦ 
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.¡¦ 
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst???? 
We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put¡¦ 
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ??¡¦ 
It is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch 
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS 
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! #USA???? 
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars L©ªkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes¡¦ 
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain????¡¦ 
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. 
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? 
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran¡¦ 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.¡¦ 
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session??¡¦ 
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA????Watch here: 
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo¡¦ 
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! 
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ??
Today I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU¡¦ 
Today I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea¡¦ 
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! 
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill¡¦ 
Today on #NationalAgDay we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained¡¦ 
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation we support @NASA's scientists engineers and astronauts in the¡¦ 
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA???? 
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
#ICYMI: Weekly Address ??
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! 
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. ???????? 
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority?without safety there can be no prosperity: 
Thank you Nashville Tennessee! 
In Nashville Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA???? 
Great optimism in America ? and the results will be even better! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Meeting w/ Washington D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here¡¦ 
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S¡¦ 
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch: 
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA??????
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations¡¦ 
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ??
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together we are going to #MAGA! 
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now?we're bringing back the JOBS! 
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
I hearby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
I hear by demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
Weekly AddressJoin me here: 
#JointSession #MAGA????
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress 
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo¡¦ 
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: 
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Video: 
Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: 
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o¡¦ 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace 
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:¡¦ 
Welcome to the United States @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI????????Joint Press Conference: 
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:¡¦ 
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect¡¦ 
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada????and th¡¦ 
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! 
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. 
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! 
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz? earlier today. 
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions!LIVE:¡¦ 
Congratulations to our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions! 
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10000 people in 10 countries...
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
Thank you Brian Krzanich CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!¡¦ 
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the¡¦ 
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv¡¦ 
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Thank you @Samsung! We would love to have you! 
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.
The American dream is back. We¡¯re going to create an environment for small business like we haven¡¯t had in many ma¡¦ 
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
Today we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger 31 years later. #NeverForget 
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! 
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan. Th¡¦ 
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan. Th¡¦ 
As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:¡¦ 
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.¡¦ 
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. 
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off¡¦ 
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together we will #MAGA! 
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN???? 
TO ALL AMERICANS????
So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...
It is time to remember that...
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. #Inauguration 
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together we are going to MAKE AM¡¦ 
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017 
On my way! #Inauguration2017 
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.¡¦ 
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA 
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.¡¦ 
"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" 
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews 
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay¡¦ 
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!
"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
TO ALL AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we¡¦ 
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!
Join @AmerIcan32 founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington D.C.¡¦ 
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
#MerryChristmas 
Happy #Hanukkah 
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
Thank you Alabama! From now on it¡¯s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:¡¦ 
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:¡¦ 
#ThankYouTour2016 Tonight- Orlando Florida Tickets: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: 
Join me in Mobile Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: 
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! Watch:¡¦ 
Join me this Saturday at Ladd?Peebles Stadium in Mobile Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:¡¦ 
#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis WI. Thur: Hershey PA. Fri: Orlando FL. Sat: Mobile AL. Tickets:¡¦ 
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday! 
A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is true.
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:¡¦ 
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal¡¦ 
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
THANK YOU IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016 
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge LA. Tickets: 
On my way to Des Moines Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets: 
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA¡¦ 
We pause today to remember the 2403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: 
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville North Carolina! See you¡¦ 
Join me tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: 
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North Carolina
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development¡¦ 
Thank you Ohio! Together we made history ? and now the real work begins. America will start winning again!¡¦ 
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: 
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts¡¦ 
Join me in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:¡¦ 
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'
Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th¡¦ 
'Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet 
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! 
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA???? 
Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight 
#ElectionDay 
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: 
VOTE TODAY! Go to 
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!¡¦ 
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:¡¦ 
Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: 
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! 
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider'
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
'Why Trump' 
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and 
On my way! 
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida!Watch here:¡¦ 
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: 
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA¡¦ 
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch¡¦ 
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:¡¦ 
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch: 
MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! 
Van Jones: ¡®There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall¡¯ ? It Has to Do With Trade: 
Great night in Denver Colorado- thank you! Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:¡¦ 
Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst¡¦ 
Join me live in Reno Nevada!
JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA ? 2pm
#DrainTheSwamp!
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ¡®All Tactics¡¯ No Vision: 
¡®Must Act Immediately¡¯: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Thank you Wilmington North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!¡¦ 
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Join me in Denver Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: 
Thank you Hershey Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI watch here¡¦ 
Join me in Denver Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!Tickets: 
Join me live in Hershey Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE: 
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.¡¦ 
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:¡¦ 
Join me live in Wilmington Ohio!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'¡¦ 
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc¡¦ 
Clinton Aides: ¡®Definitely¡¯ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" #DrainTheSwamp
Join me today in Wilmington Ohio at 4pm: 
There is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma North Carolina!#ICYMI watch here¡¦ 
Join me in Wilmington Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: 
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. 
Thank you Concord North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going t¡¦ 
Watching my beautiful wife Melania speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.¡¦ 
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days 
Thank you Orlando Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch¡¦ 
After decades of lies and scandal Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! 
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: 
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do." #DrainTheSwamp! 
Thank you Miami! In 6 days we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White¡¦ 
Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI?12pm
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!¡¦ 
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ¡®There¡¯s Something There'
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:¡¦ 
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI?12pm
Wow! I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: 
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail 
Thank you Grand Rapids Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: 
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing¡¦ 
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at 12pm:
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally:¡¦ 
Thank you Greeley CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:¡¦ 
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:¡¦ 
See you tomorrow Michigan!Grand Rapids MI tomorrow at noon:
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets:¡¦ 
THANK YOU Phoenix Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100¡¦ 
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! 
Departing Golden CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: 
#ObamacareFail 
Tomorrow!Las Vegas NV- 11a: 
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETS:Golden: 
Thank you Maine New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to¡¦ 
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp 
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids Iowa at 7pm: 
Thank you Geneva Ohio. If I am elected President I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr¡¦ 
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp¡¦ 
I delivered a speech in Charlotte North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA¡¦ 
Join me live in Toledo Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
Join me in Cedar Rapids Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.¡¦ 
Thank you Springfield Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI - watch here: 
Join me live in Springfield Ohio!
Inside ¡®Bill Clinton Inc.¡¯: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!
JOIN ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield OH Toledo OH Geneva OH FRIDAY:Manchester NH Lisbon ME Cedar Rapids IA
I agree @MMFlint- To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. 
"Clinton Foundation¡¯s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President"
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment¡±
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE¡¦ 
Beautiful evening in Kinston North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:¡¦ 
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:¡¦ 
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to¡¦ 
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:
Thank you Tallahassee Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!#ICYMI- watch here: 
Thank you Sanford Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:¡¦ 
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!¡¦ 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA¡¦ 
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! 
As election looms some bad news for Clinton Democrats:
Record crowd in Tampa Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA¡¦ 
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp 
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee Florida!Sanford at 3pm:
THANK YOU St. Augustine Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!¡¦ 
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!¡¦ 
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG¡¦ 
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Leaving West Palm Beach Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:¡¦ 
'The Clinton Foundation¡¯s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:¡¦ 
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43%Clinton 41% 
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official¡¯s Wife' 
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women Gays' #CrookedHillary
Thank you Naples Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally¡¦ 
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay 
Join me in Naples Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! 
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt Everything ¡®They Touch Turns To Molten Lead¡¯ 
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' 
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.Watch rally here:¡¦ 
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
Just arrived in Cleveland Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now LIVE via: 
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland Ohio.¡¦ 
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of by &amp; for the PEOPLE I need your VOTE! Go to 
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.¡¦ 
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum¡¯s ¡®Islamist Money List'
Thank you Gettysburg Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp 
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain¡¦ 
Will be in Cleveland Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: 
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGATickets:¡¦ 
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:¡¦ 
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta¡¯s hacked email is ¡®unquestionably an OPSEC violation¡¯ 
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp¡¯s work with ¡®VERY friendly and malleable reporters¡¯ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess and she knows it." #DrainTheSwamp 
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp! 
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ¡®sensitive information¡¯" 
Great crowd in Johnstown Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon¡¦ 
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name ¡°500 different examples¡± of conflicts of interest. 
#CrookedHillary ¡°was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco¡± to Clinton Fdn. 
Great crowd in Fletcher North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th¡¦ 
Huma calls it a "MESS" the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.#DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare 
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR¡¦ 
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president and I will DELIVER! 
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog¡¦ 
'Trump won the third debate'
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher NC @ 12pm. 
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!Watch here: 
On behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote 
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay 
Thank you Delaware County Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election or we are going to LOSE this country!¡¦ 
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this we need to¡¦ 
Thank you America! #MAGARasmussen National PollDonald Trump 43%Hillary Clinton 40% 
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to¡¦ 
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch: 
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18290)CLINTON 17% (4100)#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp together we will #MAGA????#Debate 
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First we need to¡¦ 
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp 
.@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp¡¦ 
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen h¡¦ 
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Together we can save American JOBS American LIVES and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?#DrainTheSwamp 
After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrump's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performance¡¦ 
"Her instincts are suboptimal."
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported it was a DISASTER. 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA PIVOT?RUSSIAN RESET?BENGHAZI¡¦ 
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp 
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp 
Crooked¡¯s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp 
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp 
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!  
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates 
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate? #BigLeagueTruth 
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi! 
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
.@realDonaldTrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate¡¦ 
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c¡¦ 
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an ¡°A¡± for an economic recovery that¡¯s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth¡¦ 
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 
#BigLeagueTruth 
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. 
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth#Debates 
.@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate¡¦ 
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed failed and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants but won¡¯t even mention ¡°radical Islamic terrorists.¡± #Debate¡¦ 
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION#Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
.@RealDonaldTrump wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an END to sanctuary cities. He is¡¦ 
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put¡¦ 
#SecondAmendment #2A#Debates 
.@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates?#BigLeagueTruth 
.@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp 
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Tune in at 
UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
'Over 250000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!¡¦ 
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp 
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!¡¦ 
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Join me in Delaware Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets: 
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp 
'State works hard and illegally for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp 
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp 
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
¡®Food Groups¡¯ ? Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
#DrainTheSwamp 
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE¡¦ 
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp 
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I¡¯m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count¡¦ 
FL KS ME MD MN NJ OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at¡¦ 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! 
Hillary¡¯s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: 
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! 
If we let Crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp 
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. 
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
Great night in WI. I¡¯m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO¡¦ 
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ¡®Stood In The Way¡¯ Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: 
Join me in Colorado Springs Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d¡¦ 
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"
"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal" 
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami¡¦ 
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails
Unbelievable. 
??BREAKING??: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- 6pm
¡°The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. 
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
Thank you Bangor Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A¡¦ 
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime¡¦ 
The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b¡¦ 
Will be in Bangor Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGATickets: 
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all¡¦ 
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:¡¦ 
Thank you for your support Greensboro North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN¡¯S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country both in times of peace &amp; war. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA¡¦ 
Join me live in Cincinnati Ohio!#TrumpRally #MAGA
Join me in Greensboro North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally
"This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c¡¦ 
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: 
I will be in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets:¡¦ 
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ 
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary 
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;¡¦ 
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach FL at noon:
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: 
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: 
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! 
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL OH PA MI GA TX NM IN LA TN AR KY SC.Register: 
Wow. Unbelievable. 
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together¡¦ 
Is this really America? Terrible! 
Debate polls look great - thank you!#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
Thank you St. Louis Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:?Eliminate excessive regulations! ?Lean government!?Lower taxes!#Debates?¡¦ 
FACT ?? on ¡°red line¡± in Syria: HRC "I wasn¡¯t there." Fact: line drawn in Aug ¡¯12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ¡¯13. 
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 
This is the definition of ransom ? 
The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest. 
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.#Debates2016 #RattledHillary 
History lesson: There¡¯s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one his nickname is Hone¡¦ 
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION"@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 
I hope when the MSM runs its ¡°interruption counters¡± they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com¡¦ 
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT."@Mike_Pence #MAGA 
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! ?? #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!#Debates2016 
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. 
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
Exclusive Video?Broaddrick Willey Jones to Bill's Defenders: ¡®These Are Crimes¡¯ ¡®Terrified¡¯ of ¡®Enabler¡¯ Hillary 
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
EXCLUSIVE ? Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Here is my statement. 
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors and listen¡¦ 
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA 
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! 
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back ? BIGGER and BETTER and S¡¦ 
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge: 
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
Such a great honor! 
Amazing rally in Reno Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together we will put¡¦ 
Reuters polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain¡¦ 
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
Thank you Henderson NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:¡¦ 
About to begin a rally here in Henderson Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:¡¦ 
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! 
Clinton¡¯s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: 
.@HillaryClinton¡¯s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: 
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
CLINTON¡¯S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
.@timkaine is wrong for defense: 
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
CLINTON¡¯S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE ¡°DOMINATING¡± THE DEBATE:
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113826.¡¦ 
Join the MOVEMENT!
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE¡¦ 
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #AmericaFirst means¡¦ 
Join me in Reno Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: 
Join me in Reno Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets:¡¦ 
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth¡¦ 
Thank you Pueblo Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst
Join me in Henderson Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets: 
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you. 
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas¡¦ 
Thank you Novi Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!¡¦ 
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain 
Join me in Pueblo Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal policies that spread ISIS or calling millions of¡¦ 
While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney¡¦ 
Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:¡¦ 
Join me in Manheim Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets: 
Will be in Novi Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: 
Join me in Bedford New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA¡¦ 
Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech #FollowTheMoney:
Join me live in Waukesha Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Thank you Council Bluffs Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just¡¦ 
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:¡¦ 
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Join me in Council Bluffs Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: 
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne Florida w/ 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. Tha¡¦ 
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs Iowa! Tickets:¡¦ 
Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! 
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
'CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGA
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou 
Thank you for your endorsement @GovernorSununu. #MAGA 
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou¡¦ 
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: 
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA 
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN¡¦ 
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80%Clinton: 20%Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!¡¦ 
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400000 votes. Trump 61%Clinton 39%#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou¡¦ 
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! #AmericaFirst #Debates2016 
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst¡¦ 
Thank you Senator @TedCruz!#Debates2016 #MAGA 
.@HillaryClinton¡¯s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight 
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA PIVOT?RUSSIAN RESET?BENGHAZI¡¦ 
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA 
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight 
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA 
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati¡¦ 
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?#DebateNight 
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: 
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Thank you Roanoke Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up: 
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:¡¦ 
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA¡¦ 
Join me in Roanoke Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:¡¦ 
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA¡¦ 
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Join me in Roanoke Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!¡¦ 
Thank you Toledo Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE¡¦ 
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind changing our future. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAF¡¦ 
Thank you Kenansville North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a¡¦ 
Thank you High Point NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together¡¦ 
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at 
Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ¡®Blew The Police Off' 
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. 
"Donald Trump¡¯s birther event is the greatest trick he¡¯s ever pulled"
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: 
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! 
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA 
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell! 
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA 
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA 
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Great evening in Canton Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: 
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYouVideo: 
Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript: 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Clive Iowa!
Join us today! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: 
Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: 
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
#NeverForget
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA 
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! 
Thank you Peter - if elected I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 
Wow - thank you Pensacola FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
#AmericaFirst! 
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump @LaraLeaTrump @GenFlynn &amp; @MayorRGiuliani. 
Thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans. #ImWithYou 
Join me in Pensacola Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump 
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst 
Heading to Youngstown Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst 
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA 
#LaborDay #AmericaFirstVideo: 
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! 
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International Bishop Wayne T. Jackson and Detroit!
#ImWithYou 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou 
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 
Under a Trump administration it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
There will be no amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou
Thank you Washington! Together WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 
Thank you America! #MAGA
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets: 
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYouTickets: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! 
#CrookedHillary 
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump 
Join me Tuesday in Everett Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: 
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou 
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
Meet the ¡®Trumpocrats¡¯: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: 
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary 
The Clinton's are the real predators...
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday 
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: 
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
A great afternoon in Tampa Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Thank you Travis County Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin Texas. Enjoy! 
In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 
Join me in Tampa Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: 
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio. 
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. 
We are one nation. When one hurts we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.#StandWithLouisiana 
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
We are one nation. When one state hurts we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. 
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday 
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty high crime &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouVideo: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouTranscript: 
Just as we won the Cold War in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont: 
This is my pledge to the American people: 
'It's just a 2-point race Clinton 38% Trump 36%' 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! 
#AmericasMerkel 
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you Abingdon Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Wilmington North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
'As Senator Clinton promised 200000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' 
Thank you Newt!  
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! 
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
Thank you @RepLouBarletta!
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Thank you!  
Thank you Alex!  
Join me in Fayetteville North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
#ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" 
Thank you Windham New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
Good luck #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 
'Trump is right about violent crime: It¡¯s on the rise in major cities'
Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!#TrumpPence16
Thank you Des Moines Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- 
Thank you Portland Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay 
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine thank you! @MaineGOP  
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA
Thank you Jacksonville Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach Florida! #LESM #MAGA 
THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
Report raises questions about ¡®Clinton Cash¡¯ from Russians during ¡®reset' 
#ICYMI: John Podesta¡¯s Brother Pocketed $180000 from Putin¡¯s Uranium Company: 
#CrookedHillary 
Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm- 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA 
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm- 
During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don¡¯t want them heard. 
Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Thank you Columbus Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
#CrookedHillary 
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
#CrookedHillary 
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!Carson City: 
Join me Monday in Columbus Ohio &amp; Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH: 
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' 
Thank you Denver Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
#CrookedHillary Job Application 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM 
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! 
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." 
Even Bill is tired of the lies SAD! 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs: 
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 
Thank you! Facebook: 
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
#CrookedHillary 
As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people!  
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA 
AMERICA'S FUTURE
Bernie caved! 
Join me live in Toledo Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#CrookedHillary 
Thank you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
As President I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA 
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far"
Great new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join our next Vice President @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI: 
Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I¡¯m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join us in Toledo Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets: 
Join us tomorrow in Scranton Pennsylvania at 3pm!#TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets: 
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Roanoke Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! 
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE 
I¡¯m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I¡¯m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 
We¡¯ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
We¡¯ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLE
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst 
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst 
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
URGENT: we¡¯ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! 
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE 
Thank you Mahoning County Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou 
Great new poll- thank you America!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou 
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! 
Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou 
Thank you! #ImWithYou 
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou 
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! 
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
Join me in Westfield Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 Tickets: 
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Thank you Speaker @PRyan!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016  
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 
Great being in Cincinnati Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen 
To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges but...
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou 
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016  
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst 
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst 
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while:
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
The story with Hillary will never change. 
Will be in Bangor Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! 
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: 
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr 
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. Video: 
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. 
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou 
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I¡¯m not watching it much anymore.  
CNN which is totally biased in favor of Clinton should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families#CrookedHillary 
#Imwithyou 
#Imwithyou 
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted¡¦ 
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! 
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 
I love you Arizona! Thank you!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Join me in Phoenix Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Houston Texas! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst  
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  
Thank you- on my way!  
Thank you @DallasPD!  
Join me in Phoenix Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Dallas Texas! 
Houston TX:
Join me in Houston Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: 
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." 
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
McAllen Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 Video: 
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Join me in Dallas Texas on Thursday!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Thank you Atlanta Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about @POTUS." But he's right: 
Thank you Greensboro North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! 
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
I thought people weren¡¯t celebrating? They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby:  
I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: 
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Tampa Florida!#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
In Tampa Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you Richmond Virginia! #Trump2016 
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#RTM2016 #Trump2016 
Heading to Richmond Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016Tickets: 
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary 
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Women¡¯s Civil Rights Against Racist Sexist Democrats" 
Join me! 6/10: Richmond VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth NH - 2:30pm
Join me! #Trump20166/10: Richmond
Thank you Roseanne very much appreciated. 
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? 
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Thank you California! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
See when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit.
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6 1944. 
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way. 
Thank you Redding California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary 
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."
Join me in Redding California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016Tickets: 
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.Keep up the great work! 
Join me in San Jose California- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Tickets: 
Thank you Sacramento California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me in San Jose California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me in Sacramento California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016
Great rally in Fresno California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
Wow- 25000 in San Diego California!Thank you!! #Trump2016 
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Today we together won the Republican Nomination for President! 
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016
Thank you Anaheim California!#Trump2016 
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq 
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein 
Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim California
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Join me on Wednesday May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!#Trump2016 #MAGA Tickets: 
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre Chris Cox &amp; the @NRA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A  
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA 
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq 
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!Closes at 8pm! 
Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. 
Thank you Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"  
Great new poll- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!#Trump2016 
Great new poll- thank you! 
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you Sheldon! 
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 
Thanks Piers. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Nebraska!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Hillary has bad judgment! 
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" @JasonDovEsq   
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"  
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
#HappyMothersDay! 
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets:
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha Nebraska:
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! 
Join me in Charleston WV - tomorrow! 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you South Bend Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary 
THANK YOU AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Carmel Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me in Carmel Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary 
Thank you Fort Wayne Indiana!#Trump2016 #INPrimary 
Thank you Terre Haute Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS throughout the day. Enjoy! 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
Thank you Costa Mesa California! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 
New York Yankees President Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Evansville Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
Thank you Laura!  
Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Agreed! 
Thank you Newt! 
Thanks Dave! 
Thanks! 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maryland! #VoteTrump 
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump Delaware! 
Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island! #VoteTrump
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! 
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump 
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and Lara!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you Warwick Rhode Island!#RIPrimary #VoteTrump 
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
Thank you Bridgeport Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
Thank you Waterbury Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo: 
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016
Thank you California! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for the incredible support Maryland! This is a movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing #NewYorkValuesin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump 
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay 
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#Trump2016?
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch video &amp; go#VoteTrump!?
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech inBuffalo New York!#VoteTrumpNY?
Join me in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: 
Thank you Eric! 
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
New York we will make America great again! 
Thank you for today's endorsement New York Veteran Police Association! #NewYorkValues 
Thank you California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary 
Thank you California Connecticut Maryland and Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
See you tomorrow Dutchess County New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary
Just arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary 
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. 
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON
Thank you @NYPost! #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrainTickets: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues 
THANK YOU California Maryland New York and Pennsylvania! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
WOW great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016#NewYorkValues 
Thank you Albany New York!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me in Rome NY- tomorrow!#Trump2016 #NYPrimaryTickets available: 
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain 
A very interesting piece by a very good writer @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. 
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
This is happening all over our country?great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife @MELANIATRUMP today. #NewYorkValues 
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Still time to get out and VOTE!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA
Wow @Politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! 
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
Wow great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!
Just departing La Crosse Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
A great night in West Allis Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary 
I will be in Milwaukee Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you New York and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary 
Thank you Eau Claire Wisconsin. #VoteTrump on Tuesday April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain 
Join me on Monday April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016Tickets: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
My new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU NEW YORK! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU AMERICA! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday April 5th! #WIPrimary
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 
Thank you- Appleton Wisconsin!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
THANK YOU NEW YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. 
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" via the Gateway Pundit: 
See Lyin' Ted even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio not Trump! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain 
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#VoteTrump video: 
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It¡¯s time to get tough! 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you- Tucson Arizona! A great afternoon with 6000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great to be back in Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you- New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7% with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
Thank you Arizona- I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1000000.00 from me. Remember I said- NO! 
Join us in Salt Lake City Utah- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
Thank you Missouri! #Trump2016 
Is this what we want for a President? 
Thank you Marco I agree! 
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday?Florida?Illinois?Missouri?North Carolina?Ohio #TrumpTrain 
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU - Youngstown Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video: 
Just received from @PeteRose_14. Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LYIN' TED 
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive! 
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016Video: 
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you Ohio! 
Thank you Dayton Ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016  
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
Thank you St. Louis Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Thank you America! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate  
Another Dishonest Politician #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio 
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Hawaii:
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016
Thank you @EricTrump! 
Michigan Mississippi Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: 
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
People forget it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! 
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President I will protect your market. 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. 
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump: 
Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016  
Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you New Orleans Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump
Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Cadillac Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016March 5 2016 | Wichita Kansas: 
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
Thank you Macomb County Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
MY POSITION ON VISAS#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Better Business Bureau report with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate 
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee. 
THANK YOU PORTLAND Maine!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Video: 
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video: 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
Wow! Thank you Louisville Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday 
Thank you Columbus Ohio! 
Thank you Georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday 
Thank you Brian France Bill Elliott @chaseelliott @DavidRagan &amp; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
Thank you Virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! 
Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ¡°is no friend of Puerto Rico." 
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: 
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU the American people!#Trump2016 Video: 
"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me in Columbus Ohio tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you @SenatorSessions!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: 
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: 
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis TN. 
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch: 
Thank you Texas! 10000 amazing supporters! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Never let them see you sweat! 
Thank you for your support &amp; friendship- Governor @ChrisChristie!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy but good. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets: 
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out 
Texas Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016Watch: 
THANK YOU NEVADA!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain@Snapchat! Username: realdonaldtrump 
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! 
Thank you Sparks Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder: 
Join us in Sparks Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
Join me live- now in Las Vegas Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus 
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT 
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: 
THANK YOU Atlanta Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you South Carolina!  
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects? creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: 
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!#SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Response to the Pope:
Thank you South Carolina! Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC#Trump2016 
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to the 2500+ in North Augusta South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 
What a night! 10000 amazing supporters in Greenville South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC 
Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: 
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you! I miss my father.  
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump.
Thank you South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: 
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: 
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? 
THANK YOU- Clemson South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary 
Thank you New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary
You can find your polling locations at: 
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video: 
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN 
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  Voting questions? 
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN
Today's third stop- Londonderry New Hampshire! Thank you!#FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don¡¯t get things done. Video: 
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary 
Thank you- Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
Thank you Newt!  
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: 
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
It never ends!  
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. 
10000 people in South Carolina unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
Join us Monday February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll very nice! 
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won¡¯t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016Watch: 
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. 
#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak: 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud 
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016 
Join us! #CaucusForTrump11am WATERLOO: 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. 
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: 
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump Video: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump#iCaucused #iVoted
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump 
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets: 
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: 
Thank you America! #Trump2016Via @DRUDGE_REPORT 
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 
Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding 
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: 
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! 
Thank you for your support!
Thank you America!  
#IACaucus ? 2/1/2016 ? 6:30pm#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Iowa caucus finder: 
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.#ThankAVet Video: 
"Donald Trump Hands Bill O¡¯Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- @deadline-
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel Washington D.C. 
Tennessee GOP Poll
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 
¡°What America Needs: The Case for Trump¡± Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now. 
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
Thank you- Lexington South Carolina!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. 
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! 
Thank you America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" 
"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" #Trump2016 
THANK YOU! #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: 
Should I do the #GOPdebate? 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at 
I will end common core. It's a disaster.
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: 
Thank you - Farmington New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 
Phyllis Schlafly¡¯s Eagle Forum: ¡®National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year¡¯ 
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
Join us in Iowa tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 3:00pm: 
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 Video: 
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Fox News PollThank you New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 
New Fox News PollThank you Iowa! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
I will make our Military so big powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at 
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes. 
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you America! #Trump2016 
New National GOP Zogby Poll#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New Reuters poll! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor #LaurenceTribe 
Thank you Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you New Hampshire!#Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016UNIFYING THE NATIONVideo: 
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 
Bob Dole Warns of ¡®Cataclysmic¡¯ Losses With Ted Cruz and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: 
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 #NHPolitics 
Thank you Florida! #Trump2016 
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo: 
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video: 
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: 
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: 
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. 
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. 
".@TheBrodyFile Exclusive: @realDonaldTrump Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than @tedcruz 
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: 
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. 
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: 
Big announcement in Ames Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016 
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! 
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money does another for votes. 
Great new numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Top searched candidate by state as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016 
.@TheBrodyFile: "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" #Trump2016 
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 
THANK YOU IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus 
Thank you! #VoteTrump
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you for your support last night Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics 
New CBS poll. #Trump2016
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN 
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
New Iowa poll. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. 
Thank you @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Not good news for Jeb Bush  
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! 
Hillary and her friends! 
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them just received: 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @EricTrump! Very proud of you!
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
By the way Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. 
Thank you for your support in Biloxi MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016 so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you #Biloxi #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016! 
Heading to Biloxi Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: 
#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! 
Thank you so much to 
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
#HappyNewYearAmerica! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! 
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
Great poll- thank you Nevada!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Hilton Head South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Hilton Head South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016 
THANK YOU Council Bluffs Iowa! The silent majority is silent no more!#Trump2016 #FITN 
We need a real President! 
"Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #NHPolitics #FITN 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: 
Thank you! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Story: 
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story: 
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Women defy media narrative love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO: 
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months the media panned their cameras! 
THANK YOU America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you - Michigan!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you - New Hampshire!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU Grand Rapids Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! 
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' 
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.#Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey 150 European Passports Seized." 
New Reuters poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! 
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar RapidsIA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. 
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
#GOPDebate #Trump2016
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
.@ConradMBlack what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend I won't forget! 
#TheRemembranceProject
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
What an evening in Las Vegas Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.Very nice! #Trump2016 
Record of Health: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ¡®The Country Is in Rebellion¡¯ Trump Can ¡®Kick Down the Doors¡¯ 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. 
Thank you General. #Trump2016 
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. 
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! 
Thank you! #Trump2016
I had a great time in Des Moines Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 
I will not let you down! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. 
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. 
In Britain more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! 
"Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration"  
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily 
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily 
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: 
Thank you for all of your support South Carolina! #Trump2016 
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis" 
" Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton¡¯s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims"   
The police in London say I¡¯m right. Major article in Daily Mail. ¡°We can¡¯t wear uniform in our own cars.¡±  
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! 
Thank you Piers they don't know what they're getting into.  
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  
"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' " 
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
Thank you for the support South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown 
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: 
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today thank them! #RememberOurVets 
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- 
"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI" 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 
I have been saying it for sometime now!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
Thank you America! Together we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
.@KatyTurNBC 3rd rate reporter &amp; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! 
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics 
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP  
A great night in Raleigh North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. 
Good news disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! 
Congratulations Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost: 
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: 
Watch my live book signing now! 
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! 
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  
Thank you!! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
Via @DrudgeReport: 
Thank you so much for the wonderful article Robert Davi. 
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm live streaming! 
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30     
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many many witnesses. #Trump2016 
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald 
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! 
Illegal immigrant children non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   
What is Obama thinking? 
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump. 
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? 
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   
A great night in Macon Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
We need a great leader- now! 
We better be vigilant careful and strong.  
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up! Great love in the air! 
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 
Pollster Trend National GOP Average223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; @realDonaldTrump IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 
Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Myrtle Beach South Carolina #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. 
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! 
Hillary there is nothing to laugh about- 
Great poll numbers! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. 
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020! 
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it! 
Thank you for a great afternoon South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Under our President ISIS is gaining great strength- 
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE. 
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums 
Thank you Worcester Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. 
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll" 
Very nice article from Daily Mail  
Great New Poll  
How does Ben Carson survive this problem ? really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.  
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.¡¦ 
What is our President doing? 
"GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe" 
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just leaving Knoxville TN --- what a crowd what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS 
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root 
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
Happy Friday the 13th 
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
Macy¡¯s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys 
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest! 
Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk no action dummy!   
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
People Magazine: "Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus What You Didn't See" 
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
A great evening in Springfield Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  
.@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent no TV persona and works for Bush?a total conflict of interest.  
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   
Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! 
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. 
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn¡¯t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama¡¯s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.      
My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics. 
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down?wonder if she¡¯ll use it now that I¡¯m up? 
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! 
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer...
Via The Political Insider: ¡°Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!¡±  
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida  
Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate? 
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! 
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! 
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll. 
Thank you Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! 
Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Via @MailOnline "Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"-  
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! 
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
Just out wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN @realDonaldTrump 35.6% #Trump2016 
"Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump Carson and Rubio" 
Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story.   
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning 
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. #Trump2016 
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands and they had real passion! 
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami. 
So nice of @Cher--- greatly appreciated! 
Remember official campaign merchandise (hats apparel etc.) can only be bought at 
Joe thanks for not running! 
#ChrisWallace who interviewed me on Sunday had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!  
"Trump Nears 100 days on Top" via The Hill 
Can u believe that Jeb Bush¡¯s campaign manager is in Berlin Germany looking for money? What¡¯s he giving to Germany? 
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel D.C. (Old Post Office) 
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler¡¯s prestigious Reader¡¯s Choice Awards  
"Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H."  
Lots of great new polls--big leads!  
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Tonight's official count--7943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 
See the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. 
Via @IBTimes: "Under Fire From Donald Trump Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing we do have great teams in IA NH SC and beyond. 
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
Incredible crowd in Richmond Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
So nice thank you very much.  
Thank you. 
Mark--They could use you.  
Good luck to the US Men¡¯s National Team in tomorrow¡¯s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  
Thank you. 
True. Thanks.  
Thanks. 
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  
Good luck! Enjoy. 
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
Thank you! 
Thanks. 
True! 
Thanks. 
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Great! 
Thanks. http://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp 
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference#Trump2016  
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at¡¦ 
Thank you @FrankLuntz  
Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward¡¦ 
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field 
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. 
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
A great night in Iowa! 
I¡¯ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
Thank you.  
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
Thanks Mark will be fun. 
My honor thank you.  
Had a record crowd in Boone Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight 
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
So nice thank you Laura.  
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
A terrible deal with Iran! 
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  
This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said¡¦ 
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! 
True thanks.  
Thanks.  
Thank you Greta. 
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- 
Depression- be careful of China! 
Great! 
Behind the scenes video with ¡°Uncle Sam¡± (eagle¡¯s name) and me.
It does matter! 
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Not under my watch- 
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! 
Thank you. 
Thanks.  
Thank you for your service!  
Thank you.  
Thank you. 
We can make Washington work for us. It¡¯s time for real leadership. Let¡¯s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!   
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% 
Thanks Lou. 
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! 
Thanks. 
Thank you Greta.  
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! 
True! 
True thanks. 
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. 
Arriving to check out the border. 
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can¡¯t send another politician to the White House 
True. 
Great! 
Thanks.  
True! 
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Let¡¯s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! 
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! 
True thanks. 
My response to the failing Des Moines Register the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 
Wow @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain 
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
They are great people! 
Thank you. 
Thank you Piers. 
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Who do you want negotiating for us? 
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Have some fun with this- 
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today I will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! 
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! 
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Laura--Massive crowd had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! 
True thanks.  
Thanks. 
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
It is time to create jobs for Americans not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country¡¯s core. We must build a wall! 
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- 
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. 
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!¡¦ 
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Ted. 
Statement on Relationship with NBC- 
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!¡¦ 
Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral 
Thank you.  
Speaking at the Red White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- 
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
True. 
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let¡¯s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! 
Thank you. 
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. 
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog 
Thank you. 
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN 
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family 
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- 
Thanks Eric. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks Geraldo you're a champion. 
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! 
Thanks. 
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. 
Great! 
Thanks.  
Will do thanks.  
Great! 
Thanks.  
LIVE on #Periscope 
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Should not pass--bad deal! 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
True! 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thank you.  
Thank you. 
There is. 
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  
Thanks.  
Great thanks. 
Thank you. 
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  
Thank you. 
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back and better than ever before! 
Standing room only in Mason City Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! 
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It¡¯s time for a bold new direction! 
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! 
June 16th- 
I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- 
It¡¯s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
My honor. 
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Signing The Facebook Wall- 
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. 
Our country has tremendous potential. Together we can fix Washington. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! "@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf 
Our debt finances China¡¯s military. It's time to get tough ? we hold all the cards. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! 
Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: "Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq" 
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady Hillary Clinton the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog 
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! 
#TrumpAdvice 
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
#TBT With my friend @muhammadali 
#TrumpAdvice 
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors just opened a new¡¦ 
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- 
If elected I will undo all of Obama¡¯s executive orders. I will deliver. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland 
Beautiful thank you. 
Thanks! 
Thank you. 
Met a big fan today! 
#TrumpAdvice 
#TrumpAdvice 
It is time for DC to protect the American worker not grant amnesty to illegals. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again! 
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let¡¯s Make America Great Again 
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- 
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Let¡¯s Make America Great Again 
See the amazing views from @TrumpGolfLA located directly on the Pacific Ocean- 
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. 
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders 
#TrumpAdvice 
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. 
With @greta in Washington D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! 
I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year! 
Just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow- 
With my friends at the great @Adidas Boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral 
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas 
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th @WKCDOGS Miss P visited @TrumpTowerNY today- 
Via @Zawya: ¡°Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home decor¡± 
Let¡¯s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at 
Via @ConservReview by @JeffJlpa1: "Why Donald Trump is Right" 
Via @bpolitics by @tdopp: ¡°In Iowa Trump Promises to ¡®Surprise a Lot of People¡¯¡± 
Watch the 63rd Annual @MissUniverse Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! 
The @MissUniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @TrumpDoral- 
Via @BPolitics by @Griffin "Aboard Donald Trump¡¯s 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention" 
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ¡®Friend of Israel¡¯ award at the @Algemeiner Gala Dinner 
¡°Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of @ApprenticeNBC¡±  
Must read @ConservReview article by @JeffJlpa1: ¡°Jeb Bush and the Outsiders¡± 
Via @LinkedInPulse  by @nicholas_wyman: ¡°What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump¡±  
Happy 5th Anniversary to @TrumpWaikiki&lt;
Via @SteveKingIA¡¯s Steve King for Congress Facebook Page: ¡°Donald Trump has a special announcement!¡±  
Must watch for all Georgians @Perduesenate¡¯s new ad ¡°Secure Our Border 
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero 
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- 
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- 
Wow with all this talk @MissUniverse is going to Russia on November 9th- 
#TrumpVine from D.C.- 
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest @MileyCyrus- 
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- 
.@AlexSalmond  See photo 
#TrumpVine Where is the money @MacMiller? 
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... 
#TrumpVine @arod sucks! 
#TrumpVine A message for @AnthonyWeiner- 
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- 
